What would you do if a friend asked you to handle a large sum of money on their behalf?
Of course you'd want to help a friend, but you'd probably have a few questions.
Like most people, if your friend's response caused you to be suspicious of their activity,
you'd want to avoid being involved in anything that broke the law or caused harm in our community, right?
This is the reality that faces us every day. Because we handle certain financial transactions,
there's a risk our services could be used to launder money or process funds intended to finance acts of terrorism.
Money laundering is the process criminals use to convert funds obtained from illegal activities
into legitimate assets or funds.
Terrorism financing includes the financing of terrorist acts and terrorist organisations.
It includes recklessly providing or collecting funds which may be used to facilitate or engage in a terrorist act.
As a community we stand against these types of criminal activity
and this is reflected in Australian laws.
These laws have been developed to help protect our nation,
its people and our friends around the world by enabling organisations such as ours
to work alongside Government agencies in preventing money laundering and terrorism financing.
This legislation requires us to play a vital role.
We make sure people are who they say they are,
we report certain transactions and we keep appropriate records.
These responsibilities are formalised in our Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Counter Terrorism Financing (CTF) policy.
We've also appointed an AML/CTF Compliance Officer whose job it is to help ensure we're doing what's required of us.
But the most important person to ensure we meet our obligations is YOU.